then Moses went and spoke these words to
then Moses went and spoke these words to all Israel I am 120 years old today I
all Israel I am 120 years old today I
all Israel I am 120 years old today I can no longer go out and come in
also the Lord has said to me you shall
also the Lord has said to me you shall not cross over to this Jordan the Lord
not cross over to this Jordan the Lord
not cross over to this Jordan the Lord your God Himself crosses over before you
your God Himself crosses over before you
your God Himself crosses over before you he will destroy these nations from
he will destroy these nations from
he will destroy these nations from before you and you shall dispossessed
before you and you shall dispossessed
before you and you shall dispossessed them joshua himself crosses over before
them joshua himself crosses over before
them joshua himself crosses over before you who just as the lord has said and
you who just as the lord has said and
you who just as the lord has said and the Lord will do to them as he did to
the Lord will do to them as he did to
the Lord will do to them as he did to Sihon and all the kings of the amorite
Sihon and all the kings of the amorite
Sihon and all the kings of the amorite sand their land when he destroyed them
sand their land when he destroyed them
sand their land when he destroyed them the Lord will give them over to you that
the Lord will give them over to you that
the Lord will give them over to you that you may do to them according to every
you may do to them according to every
you may do to them according to every commandment which I have commanded you
commandment which I have commanded you
commandment which I have commanded you [Music]
[Music]
[Music] be strong and of good courage do not
be strong and of good courage do not
be strong and of good courage do not fear nor be afraid of them for the Lord
fear nor be afraid of them for the Lord
fear nor be afraid of them for the Lord your God he is the one who goes with you
your God he is the one who goes with you
your God he is the one who goes with you he will not leave you nor forsake you
he will not leave you nor forsake you
he will not leave you nor forsake you then Moses called Joshua and said to him
then Moses called Joshua and said to him
then Moses called Joshua and said to him in the sight of all Israel be strong and
in the sight of all Israel be strong and
in the sight of all Israel be strong and of good courage for you must go with
of good courage for you must go with
of good courage for you must go with this people to the land which the Lord
this people to the land which the Lord
this people to the land which the Lord has sworn to their fathers to give them
has sworn to their fathers to give them
has sworn to their fathers to give them and you shall cause them to inherit it
and you shall cause them to inherit it
and you shall cause them to inherit it and the Lord he is the one who goes
and the Lord he is the one who goes
and the Lord he is the one who goes before you he will be with you he will
before you he will be with you he will
before you he will be with you he will not leave you nor forsake you do not
not leave you nor forsake you do not
not leave you nor forsake you do not fear nor be dismayed
so Moses wrote this law and delivered it
so Moses wrote this law and delivered it to the priests the sons of Levi who bore
to the priests the sons of Levi who bore
to the priests the sons of Levi who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord and
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord and
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord and to all the elders of Israel and Moses
to all the elders of Israel and Moses
to all the elders of Israel and Moses commanded them at the end of every seven
commanded them at the end of every seven
commanded them at the end of every seven years at the appointed time in the year
years at the appointed time in the year
years at the appointed time in the year of release at the Feast of Tabernacles
of release at the Feast of Tabernacles
of release at the Feast of Tabernacles when all Israel comes to appear before
when all Israel comes to appear before
when all Israel comes to appear before the Lord your God in the place which he
the Lord your God in the place which he
the Lord your God in the place which he choose
choose
choose you shall read this law before all
you shall read this law before all
you shall read this law before all Israel in their hearing gather the
Israel in their hearing gather the
Israel in their hearing gather the people together men women and little
people together men women and little
people together men women and little ones and the stranger who is within your
ones and the stranger who is within your
ones and the stranger who is within your gates that they may hear and that they
gates that they may hear and that they
gates that they may hear and that they may learn to fear the Lord your God and
may learn to fear the Lord your God and
may learn to fear the Lord your God and to carefully observe all the words of
to carefully observe all the words of
to carefully observe all the words of this law and that their children who
this law and that their children who
this law and that their children who have not known it may hear and learn to
have not known it may hear and learn to
have not known it may hear and learn to fear the Lord your God as long as you
fear the Lord your God as long as you
fear the Lord your God as long as you live in the land which you cross the
live in the land which you cross the
live in the land which you cross the Jordan to possess then the Lord said to
Jordan to possess then the Lord said to
Jordan to possess then the Lord said to Moses behold the days approach when you
Moses behold the days approach when you
Moses behold the days approach when you must die
must die
must die call Joshua and present yourselves in
call Joshua and present yourselves in
call Joshua and present yourselves in the tabernacle of meeting that I may
the tabernacle of meeting that I may
the tabernacle of meeting that I may inaugurate him so Moses and Joshua went
inaugurate him so Moses and Joshua went
inaugurate him so Moses and Joshua went and presented themselves in the
and presented themselves in the
and presented themselves in the tabernacle of meeting now the Lord
tabernacle of meeting now the Lord
tabernacle of meeting now the Lord appeared at the tabernacle in a pillar
appeared at the tabernacle in a pillar
appeared at the tabernacle in a pillar of cloud and the pillar of cloud stood
of cloud and the pillar of cloud stood
of cloud and the pillar of cloud stood above the door of the tabernacle
above the door of the tabernacle
above the door of the tabernacle and the Lord said to Moses behold you
and the Lord said to Moses behold you
and the Lord said to Moses behold you will rest with your father's and this
will rest with your father's and this
will rest with your father's and this people will rise and play the harlot
people will rise and play the harlot
people will rise and play the harlot with the gods of the foreigners of the
with the gods of the foreigners of the
with the gods of the foreigners of the land where they go to be among them and
land where they go to be among them and
land where they go to be among them and they will forsake me and break my
they will forsake me and break my
they will forsake me and break my covenant which I have made with them
covenant which I have made with them
covenant which I have made with them then my anger shall be aroused against
then my anger shall be aroused against
then my anger shall be aroused against them in that day and I will forsake them
them in that day and I will forsake them
them in that day and I will forsake them and I will hide my face from them and
and I will hide my face from them and
and I will hide my face from them and they shall be devoured and many evils
they shall be devoured and many evils
they shall be devoured and many evils and troubles shall befall them so that
and troubles shall befall them so that
and troubles shall befall them so that they will say in that day have not these
they will say in that day have not these
they will say in that day have not these evils come upon us because our God is
evils come upon us because our God is
evils come upon us because our God is not among us and I will surely hide my
not among us and I will surely hide my
not among us and I will surely hide my face in that day because of all the evil
face in that day because of all the evil
face in that day because of all the evil which they have done in that they have
which they have done in that they have
which they have done in that they have turned to other gods
turned to other gods
turned to other gods now therefore write down this song for
now therefore write down this song for
now therefore write down this song for yourselves and teach it to the children
yourselves and teach it to the children
yourselves and teach it to the children of Israel put it in their mouths that
of Israel put it in their mouths that
of Israel put it in their mouths that this song may be a witness for me
this song may be a witness for me
this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel when I
against the children of Israel when I
against the children of Israel when I have brought them to the land flowing
have brought them to the land flowing
have brought them to the land flowing with milk and honey of which I swore to
with milk and honey of which I swore to
with milk and honey of which I swore to their fathers and they have eaten and
their fathers and they have eaten and
their fathers and they have eaten and filled themselves and grown fat then
filled themselves and grown fat then
filled themselves and grown fat then they will turn to other gods and serve
they will turn to other gods and serve
they will turn to other gods and serve them
them
them and they will provoke me and break my
and they will provoke me and break my
and they will provoke me and break my covenant then it shall be when many
covenant then it shall be when many
covenant then it shall be when many evils and troubles have come upon them
evils and troubles have come upon them
evils and troubles have come upon them that this song will testify against them
that this song will testify against them
that this song will testify against them as a witness for it will not be
as a witness for it will not be
as a witness for it will not be forgotten in the mouths of their
forgotten in the mouths of their
forgotten in the mouths of their descendants for I know the inclination
descendants for I know the inclination
descendants for I know the inclination of their behavior today even before I
of their behavior today even before I
of their behavior today even before I have brought them to the land of which I
have brought them to the land of which I
have brought them to the land of which I swore to give them therefore Moses wrote
swore to give them therefore Moses wrote
swore to give them therefore Moses wrote this song the same day and taught it to
this song the same day and taught it to
this song the same day and taught it to the children of Israel then he
the children of Israel then he
the children of Israel then he inaugurated Joshua the son of nun be
inaugurated Joshua the son of nun be
inaugurated Joshua the son of nun be strong and of good courage for you shall
strong and of good courage for you shall
strong and of good courage for you shall bring the children of Israel into the
bring the children of Israel into the
bring the children of Israel into the land of which I swore to them and I will
land of which I swore to them and I will
land of which I swore to them and I will be with you so it was when Moses had
be with you so it was when Moses had
be with you so it was when Moses had completed writing the words of this law
completed writing the words of this law
completed writing the words of this law in a book when they were finished that
in a book when they were finished that
in a book when they were finished that Moses commanded the Levites who bore the
Moses commanded the Levites who bore the
Moses commanded the Levites who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord take
Ark of the Covenant of the Lord take
Ark of the Covenant of the Lord take this book of the law and put it beside
this book of the law and put it beside
this book of the law and put it beside the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord your
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord your
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord your God that it may be there as a witness
God that it may be there as a witness
God that it may be there as a witness against you for I know your rebellion
against you for I know your rebellion
against you for I know your rebellion and your stiff neck if today while I am
and your stiff neck if today while I am
and your stiff neck if today while I am yet alive with you you have been
yet alive with you you have been
yet alive with you you have been rebellious against the Lord then how
rebellious against the Lord then how
rebellious against the Lord then how much more after my death gather to me
much more after my death gather to me
much more after my death gather to me all the elders of your tribes and your
all the elders of your tribes and your
all the elders of your tribes and your officers that I may speak these words in
officers that I may speak these words in
officers that I may speak these words in their hearing and called heaven and
their hearing and called heaven and
their hearing and called heaven and earth to witness against them for I know
earth to witness against them for I know
earth to witness against them for I know that after my death you will become
that after my death you will become
that after my death you will become utterly corrupt and turn aside from the
utterly corrupt and turn aside from the
utterly corrupt and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you and evil
way which I have commanded you and evil
way which I have commanded you and evil will befall you in the latter days
will befall you in the latter days
will befall you in the latter days because you will do evil in the sight of
because you will do evil in the sight of
because you will do evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke him to anger through
the Lord to provoke him to anger through
the Lord to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands
when Moses spoke in the hearing of all
when Moses spoke in the hearing of all the Assembly of Israel the words of this
the Assembly of Israel the words of this
the Assembly of Israel the words of this song until they were ended